docs: update required environment variables for integration tests (#372)
aws/aws-advanced-nodejs-wrapper: docs/development-guide/IntegrationTests.md

##### Environment Variables for Running Against a New Aurora Cluster

| Environment Variable Name        | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Example Value                                | Default Value (If available)                                                      |
| -------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `DB_USERNAME`                    | No       | The username to access the database.                                                                                                                                                                             | `admin`                                      | `test_user`                                                                       |

Reviewer: Add clarity that if not provided will use the default values from above?

| `DB_PASSWORD`                    | No       | The database cluster password.                                                                                                                                                                                   | `password`                                   | `secret_password`                                                                 |

> | `DB_DATABASE_NAME`               | No       | Name of the database that will be used by the tests. The default database name is test.                                                                                                                          | `test_db_name`                               | `test_database`                                                                   |

Reviewer: Either include in DB_USERNAME that these all of these use the default values above or include the default value in each row that may use them for consistency

| `RDS_CLUSTER_NAME`               | No       | The database identifier for your Aurora or RDS cluster. Must be a unique value to avoid conflicting with existing clusters.                                                                                      | `db-identifier`                              |

> | `RDS_CLUSTER_DOMAIN`             | Yes      | The existing database connection suffix. Use this variable to run against an existing database.                                                                                                                  | `XYZ.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com`            |

Reviewer: Existing database vs existing cluster are different but confusing. Maybe clarify explicitly how this required database connection suffix relates to a new spun up cluster

| `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`              | Yes      | An AWS access key associated with an IAM user or role with RDS permissions.                                                                                                                                      | `ASIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE`                       |
| `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`          | Yes      | The secret key associated with the provided AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID.                                                                                                                                                   | `wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY`   |
| `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`              | No       | AWS Session Token for CLI, SDK, & API access. This value is for MFA credentials only. See: [temporary AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html). | `AQoDYXdzEJr...<remainder of session token>` |

> | `REUSE_RDS_CLUSTER`              | No       | Set to true if you would like to use an existing cluster for your tests.                                                                                                                                         | `false`                                      | `false`                                                                           |

Reviewer: Since we've separated out the environment variables for each case - maybe instead say "See [link to other section] if you would like to use an existing cluster for your test.

##### Environment Variables for Running Against an Existing Aurora Cluster

| Environment Variable Name | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Example Value                                | Default Value (If available)                                                      |
| ------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `DB_USERNAME`             | No       | The username to access the database.                                                                                                                                                                             | `admin`                                      | `test_user`                                                                       |

Reviewer: Add note that these must match the username/password for the intended database of the existing cluster?

| `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`       | Yes      | An AWS access key associated with an IAM user or role with RDS permissions.                                                                                                                                      | `ASIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE`                       |
| `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`   | Yes      | The secret key associated with the provided AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID.                                                                                                                                                   | `wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY`   |
| `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`       | No       | AWS Session Token for CLI, SDK, & API access. This value is for MFA credentials only. See: [temporary AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html). | `AQoDYXdzEJr...<remainder of session token>` |

> | `REUSE_RDS_CLUSTER`       | Yes      | Set to true if you would like to use an existing cluster for your tests.                                                                                                                                         | `false`                                      | `false`                                                                           |

Reviewer: Can we make this a bit stronger? Ex. "Must be set to true to use the existing cluster specified above for your tests."

> [!NOTE]
> If you are running tests against an existing cluster, the tests will only run against the Aurora database engine of that cluster. For example, if you specify a MySQL cluster using the environment variables, only the MySQL tests will be run even if you pick test-all-aurora as the task. To run against Postgres instead, you will need to change your environment variables.

##### Environment Variables for Running Against a New Aurora Cluster

| Environment Variable Name        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Example Value                                |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | `RDS_CLUSTER_DOMAIN`             | The existing database connection suffix.                                                                                                                                                                         | `XYZ.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com`            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `RDS_CLUSTER_DOMAIN`             | An Aurora or RDS database instance's endpoint suffix.                                                                                                                                                                         | `XYZ.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com`            |
```

| `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`              | An AWS access key associated with an IAM user or role with RDS permissions.                                                                                                                                      | `ASIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE`                       |
| `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`          | The secret key associated with the provided AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID.                                                                                                                                                   | `wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY`   |

> | `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`              | AWS Session Token for CLI, SDK, & API access. This value is for MFA credentials only. See: [temporary AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html). | `AQoDYXdzEJr...<remainder of session token>` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`              | AWS Session Token for CLI, SDK, & API access. This value is only required when using MFA credentials. See: [temporary AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html). | `AQoDYXdzEJr...<remainder of session token>` |
```

| `RDS_DB_REGION`                  | The database region.                                                                                                                                                                                             | `us-east-1`                                  |

> | `AURORA_MYSQL_DB_ENGINE_VERSION` | The MySQL database version to run against, either `default` or `latest`.                                                                                                                                         | `default`                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `AURORA_MYSQL_DB_ENGINE_VERSION` | The MySQL database version to run against, you can specify a specific version like `8.0.mysql_aurora.3.04.0`, or use `default` or `latest`.                                                                                                                                         | `default`                                    |
```

> | `AURORA_PG_DB_ENGINE_VERSION`    | The PostgreSQL database version to run against, either `default` or `latest`.                                                                                                                                    | `default`                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `AURORA_PG_DB_ENGINE_VERSION`    | The PostgreSQL database version to run against, you can specify a specific version like `15.4` or `default` and `latest`.                                                                                                                                    | `default`                                    |
```

| `RDS_DB_REGION`           | The database region.                                                                                                                                                                                             | `us-east-1`                                  | `us-east-1`                  |

###### (Optional) Additional Environment Variables

| Environment Variable Name | Description                                                                                                                | Example Value | Default Value (If available)                                                      |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `NUM_INSTANCES`           | The number of database instances in the cluster to test with. This value must be one of the following: `1`, `2`, `3`, `5`. | `5`           | Integration tests will be run several times, against `1`, `2`, and `5` instances. |

> ### Standard Integration Tests

Reviewer: Two headings called "Standard Integration Tests" is confusing, can we move the content of this section to one of the ones below it?

| `RDS_DB_REGION`           | The database region.                                                                                                                                                                                             | `us-east-1`                                  | `us-east-1`                                                                       |

###### (Optional) Additional Environment Variables

| Environment Variable Name | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Example Value                                | Default Value (If available)                                                      |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `NUM_INSTANCES`           | The number of database instances in the cluster to test with. This value must be one of the following: `1`, `2`, `3`, `5`.                                                                                       | `5`                                          | Integration tests will be run several times, against `1`, `2`, and `5` instances. |

Reviewer 2: Can we group the `Available Integration Test Tasks` 
```
The following are the currently available integration test tasks. Each task may run a different subset of integration tests:

#### Standard Integration Tests
- `test-docker`: run standard database tests
- `test-all-environments`: run all Aurora and standard database tests
- `debug-docker`: debug standard database tests
- `debug-all-environments`: debug all Aurora and standard database tests

#### Aurora Integration Tests
- `test-aurora`: run Aurora tests
- `test-aurora-mysql`: run Aurora tests on the MySQL database type, use when running locally
- `test-aurora-postgres`: run Aurora tests on the PostgreSQL database type, use when running locally
- `test-multi-az-mysql`: run Aurora tests using Multi-AZ Deployment on the MySQL database type
- `test-multi-az-postgres`: run Aurora tests using Multi-AZ Deployment on the PostgreSQL database type
- `debug-all-environments`: debug all Aurora and standard database tests
- `debug-docker`: debug standard database tests
- `debug-aurora`: debug Aurora tests
- `debug-multi-az-mysql`: debug Aurora tests using Multi-AZ Deployment on the MySQL database type
- `debug-multi-az-postgres`: debug Aurora tests using Multi-AZ Deployment on the PostgreSQL database type
```
